Add production link to README (#19)
pubky/homegate: README.md

A backend service to gatekeep [Pubky Homeserver](https://github.com/pubky/pubky-core/) signups.

> To see Homegate in production, open https://pubky.app/onboarding/human in a private browser window (it won't display if you have an active session on pubky.app).

Reviewer: What do you think about this?

```suggestion
The Pubky Social Media App uses Homegate to gatekeep signups. Check out https://pubky.app/onboarding/human (use a private browser window if you have an active session).
```

Author: LGMT, except for 'social media app' should probably be written in lowercase, except if the apps official name is "Pubky Social Media App".

Reviewer: Agree, should be written in lower case
